My first journey to ultrasonic levitation started from the rising technologies of Microbots the first entry to microbots dated May 18,2017.
I was determined to work on nanobots in the future, as so I imagined as a junior high school student at the time. I spent majority of my time
writing entries that is futuristic or is innovative or that greatly interests me. I call my collection of entries DSII (Designs, Sketches, Ideas, Innovation).
As up to 2023, I have over 300 entries written. 

Highlights of Microbots written in my first entry of Microbots:
1. Big Hero 6
  Mind to microbots controlled in masse
2. Harvard Mimic minibots
  Minibots communicate eachother to move to desired positions
3. Tiny robot that lifts 45lb
  Bots that can lift stronger than ants
4. bug bot that jumps x100 its height
  Bots that can jump as high as a flea

Then there is function of group work in air
  Birds swarm and migrant together in unity
    Shows the flexibility of movement and unity as well as division
Then there is function of group work in ocean
  Smaller fish unite to scare off predators by using unity as an illusion
    Shows that an apex predator are not as much feared compared to swarm of tiny fishes in illusion
Then there is function of group work on land
  carnivores like wolf unite to take on bigger animals like zebra, hippo, or deer.
    Shows that a unharmful animals can be taken down by a group of small predators in teamwork

*I then spent on designing numerous nano/micro bots with unique quirks time to time for over 6 years.

Eventually I came with Atom Ball, a micro bot of encased ferrous-ferroliquid balls in unity to perform the task of
predetermined control through mind, ai, or preloaded data.

There are nearly hundread written entries to improve/modify the Atom to determine the best fit Atom.
There are also other unique entries stemmed off from Atom as well.

It wasn't until I met my Professor and Mentor that I had determination to make Atom into a working product. 
